Time of recording
is 10:49 on the 30th of December 2021.
at an undisclosed safe house
in the Western Cape.
Please. state your name for the record.
Janet Nkosana.
One more time.
From the beginning.
It was before my time.
but it all started when Julius Khumalo
approached Point of Grace
regarding an adoption plan.
Breathe!
-He met someone from the agency…
-Big push!
…and they agreed on a fee
in exchange for the baby…
Phume.
Just cancel the deal. all right?
No. I didn't cash it
so the money's still there.
So call it off. okay?
Was Mrs. Khumalo aware?
She was clueless.
But it was too late.
You need to find the architect.
Find Lisbeth Molapo.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Have you spoken
to Mama recently?
I feel like she's avoiding me.
I can't speak for your mom.
she's an adult and does what she wants.
I just--
Ever since Madam Nwabisa's disappearance.
I just feel like she also went AWOL…
It's just odd.
Well. then. why don't you just say
what you want to say?
Okay.
If you knew something
about Madam Nwabisa's disappearance.
you would say something
to the police or me. right?
If I knew something. yes.
-Hi.
Did. uh. Puleng tell you
that I also applied to Parkhurst?
-Oh. yeah?
-I mean. yeah.
Still waiting to hear
about the scholarship.
but next year.
we could all be in the same school.
-Hmm.
-How dope!
Yeah. that's awesome.
-So awesome.
-Come. I'll show you around.
We painted it last year. but…
we've kept it the same for 17 years.
just praying that this day will come.
So. how much longer
are we supposed to stay here?
As long as it takes
to put the major players behind bars.
When are you going to look
into Matla Molapo. like I suggested?
When you give us
something concrete to work with. Janet.
Representing Point of Grace
is not enough to pursue a case.
His role in this
is just so much bigger.
He's just brilliant
at covering his tracks.
Sooner or later. everyone slips up.
When that happens.
we'll be ready.
Those are
from when you were born.
Yeah. 16th of August.
in Cape Town at 3:00 p.m..
with a full head of hair.
Hello. reflux.
Thank you for coming.
I know that it's a very difficult time
for your family.
Any update on Mrs. Bhele?
Uh. we're holding up.
and the police are doing their best.
You know. I named you Phumelele
after your great-grandmother.
She was a trendsetter.
Just like you.
Am I a Zulu?
Yes!
Our family's from Amanzimtoti.
Yep.
And. um…
-My biological father. is he--
-Uh. Siya…
um. would you mind making
Fiks some of your special milkshake?
Oh. okay.
Does he think Mr. Khumalo is my father?
Yeah. A tiny bit.
And did you?
I mean. like. before all the DNA stuff.
I just thought we could
talk about everything today.
Like. does he know about me?
Are you gonna tell him?
-It's complicated. Fikile.
-How?
No. Fikile.
stop with the questions.
No. seriously.
like. what more is there to hide?
-Ma?
-Not now. Puleng.
I'm sorry. Fikile.
I don't think now is a good time
for us to talk about this.
Then when is?
Do you not think
I deserve to know the truth?
This was pointless.
Can we go home?
You are at your home.
You're home. my child.
-Fiks. can we just--
-I'm sorry. Puleng. I can't.
My child.
Don't give up on her.
Some things are hard
to discuss with children.
Hello?
Ma?
-Mama. is that you?
-Let me see. let me see.
Nwabisa? Nwabisa?
Nwabi. is that you-- Nwabis--
Oh. it was a disaster.
I don't get why she's being like this.
I'm sure there's a good reason. Puleng.
Yeah. well…
Anyway. how's camping?
Uh. it's okay.
Just wish you were here with me.
Yeah. no. Camping is the worst.
Like. I don't get why anyone would go
somewhere just to be dirty all the time.
I-- It's not that bad.
Wade. can I call you back?
Uh. o-okay.
Cool.
Cool. Miss you too.
Wade. come get your breakfast.
Someone did kak here!
Bu…
Fikile. I--
-Hello. Aunty.
-Lunga. hello.
-Hey!
-I-- How are you?
Oh my goodness.
I completely forgot you were coming.
Ah. no problem.
-Mm-- Lunga!
-No.
-Cuz. how are you?
Siya. what are they feeding you?
Oh!
-Ah! You always have the best timing.
You know what.
you guys are great for my ego.
-Mm-hmm?
-Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
How long are you staying for?
Uh. Lunga's staying with us
until he gets residence at--
-Awesome!
-Yeah. Hey. I got everyone gifts.
-But. hey. no peeking. all right?
-Okay.
And I-- Ooh!
So. where is Mr. Julius?
Um. I'll tell you everything.
Or at least everything I know.
We'll trace the call.
Okay?
But it could be from anyone.
It's been three weeks now. detective.
Should we be preparing for the worst?
Any eventuality is possible.
What I can promise you is
that we are doing everything
we can to find her.
I hope you find her.
And arrest her.
-No. Fikile.
-No. Dad.
She did this.
She lied to us.
I mean. who could get into jail
and take her. honestly?
She ran away and now we're stuck
to pick up the pieces.
Don't talk like that. Fikile.
-We don't know the whole story.
-No. We don't know anything. do we?
Have you told Wade
about your smoochie with KB?
No. And I don't think I can. Zama.
Friend.
you know it's a bad idea not to.
I mean. don't let this
bite you in the vajayjay later.
I know. I…
-Um. Zama. I'll call you back later. okay?
Hi.
-I'm sorry about what happened earlier.
It's fine.
How are you feeling?
So. remember when you said
you'd help me find my father?
I really need you to come through on that.
just you and me. no more lies.
Please?
As sisters?
Yeah.
Sisters.
So. where do we start?
No peeking. please.
Mmm. No. This feels weird.
-I'm gonna take it off.
-No. no. no.
Patience is a virtue.
Virtue? That's rich coming from you.
This is incredible.
-Wait. I didn't know you could cook.
-Mmm. I'm. uh…
I'm full of surprises.
-Sorry. we forgot your bisque.
-Just put it down and fuck off.
Come on.
A little lie and a caterer.
Lot better than me
giving us food poisoning.
Wendy?
Okay. I have something to tell you.
Remember that Future Leaders program?
They kind of offered me a rotary exchange.
But-- But that's amazing.
In Spain.
For six months.
Good for you.
We're not a thing. Remember?
Okay. Chris. I'm sorry.
I should've given you a heads-up.
I leave in the first week
of the new semester.
I'm proud of you.
For doing all the things.
I just have to find someone else
to help me evade my taxes.
"Avoid." Not "evade."
Mm. same thing.
Oh. shoot.
Yes. yes. of course.
Um. I-- I was just finishing up cleaning.
I was just… cleaning.
Yeah. I'm on my way.
-I have to go.
Are you sure you're okay with all of this?
Of course.
I'm already planning
my. uh. summer in Spain.
I'll see you later.
Bye.
-So. how are things?
-This place's better than the other place.
Oof!
-Ah. sorry.
I'll be back.
-Hi.
Our records show there's
an outstanding payment from last month.
I'd just like to check
when it will be settled.
Yes. uh. sorry about that.
I'll get that done by the end of the week.
Um. can you maybe just resend
the invoice to my email address?
I'm good for it.
I promise. Okay?
Call the Underground Pub where I work.
speak to the manager. They'll tell you.
Thank you.
Thanks.
We know about
the Point of Grace cheque book.
I need you to know
that I did not take any of that money.
Fikile…
for the past 17 years.
in my heart. you've been my child.
But I made a mistake before you were born.
One that I'll have to take
responsibility for.
I don't want to cause
any more pain for the two of you.
I think you should go.
That's okay. Mr. Khumalo.
I'm not your problem anymore.
Thanks for your time. though.
Your father was…
Thandeka's client
when she worked for Belmont Accounting.
That's all I know.
I didn't want to know any more details.
Thank you.
-This is harassment.
-We have a valid warrant. Mr. Molapo.
-Your wife is now a person of interest.
-On what grounds?
Cooperate. tell us where she is.
and you'll get leniency.
Get out of my house.
Hey. what's up?
It's official. Reece.
My academic appeal was denied.
Shit. Chris.
Couldn't your parents do anything?
I don't think it registered.
It's not like it really matters
to them anyway. so…
I. on the other hand. might have
to move to a different country.
Don't be so dramatic.
At least you'll have
your pick of the litter again.
Thank you. Reece. Always such a comfort.
By the way. what ever happened
with you and Miss President of the World
after your kiss at the matric ball?
-Like. are you guys a thing now?
-Wendy? No. I'd never seriously go there.
It just shows you
that ice queens can't resist--
-Wendy…
-Don't.
-Wendy. come on.
-Oh. shit. Busted!
I was just acting.
We're not a real thing. remember?
Mm. yeah. Sure.
Wendy.
Wendy. come on.
Hi.
Um…
I can't stay too long.
Yeah. me too.
So?
Looks like my mom could be involved
in this whole Nwabisa disappearance thing.
And it looks like there's a…
there's a witness willing to testify.
I'm so sorry. KB.
Are you okay. though?
I feel like shit.
And you?
How've you been?
I haven't seen you since the matric ball.
Well… same mess. different day.
My best friend's in the middle of nowhere
living with her grandmother.
I cheated on my boyfriend with my ex.
You haven't told
anyone about the kiss. right?
Come on. what do you take me for?
Uh. the guy who wrote
a diss track about his hookups
and performed it
in front of his high school?
Okay. look. I won't tell anyone.
but… I don't regret it.
What?
The kiss.
Okay. well…
I've gotta go.
We can still talk. though. right?
You know. this whole thing
with my mom has me offside. and…
you're the only one who gets it.
besides Fiks.
Yeah. of course.
Cool.
Thai. Indian.
or you will have a burger?
Um… Indian.
Uh…
Bhelekazi. my child.
every family has a bad year.
But this coming new year.
uh. will be much better for us. okay?
-Indian?
-Yeah.
Hello?
Mama?
Mama. is that you?
Mama. if it's you.
please just say something.
Mama?
I'm glad you made it back
for New Year's Eve.
-For you. I'd travel back in time.
Wow.
-So. I got us champagne.
-Mmm.
You want to do that thing
they do in the movies?
Where they-- Where they--
Where they wrap it around. yeah.
-Like this?
-Mm-hmm.
Sam… it won't be forever. okay?
If we play by the rules.
I'm in! I'm in!
I'm going to Parkhurst!
-Oh my goodness! Aw. Siya!
-Of course you are!
-Congratulations.
-What's happening?
-I'm going to Parkhurst.
-Oh my gosh. Siya!
Welcome to another year at Parkhurst High.
This year. we are adding
something special to Orientation Week.
As you can see.
each matriculant has
a grade eight mentee assigned to them.
-Hey.
Are you Siya Khumalo?
Yeah. Why?
You're Puleng and Fikile's brother. right?
Yeah.
Puleng's in my sister Leigh-Anne's year.
Come hang with us afterwards.
Cool.
…with the utmost respect.
Hey.
A warm welcome to you all.
In other news.
I would like to take this opportunity
to give a very special mention to…
Wendy Dlamini.
As of next week.
Miss Dlamini will be joining
the Future Leaders
Foreign Exchange Program in Spain!
Chris. Uh… Psst!
Hi. Hi. there. Um…
I-- I think you're in the wrong class.
This-- This is grade 11.
I'm well aware of where I am.
Thanks. Wade.
Back to grade 11.
What the hell?
Dude. are you seeing this?
Yeah. back at Parkhurst. huh?
Sorry I'm late. ma'am.
I didn't realize you moved office.
It's temporary.
As we discussed at the end of last year.
your community service starts today.
You will assist the cleaning staff.
every day after school.
Don't let me regret
my decision. Ms. van Rensburg.
If I hear even a whisper
about you dealing at the school--
Uh. got it. ma'am.
Shiny floors. no drug dealing. I promise.
Thank you so. so much.
Reece. remember.
not a word to anyone
about Mr. Ferreira's antics.
What can I help you with?
I'd like to talk
to one of your detectives.
My name is Lisbeth Molapo.
It's gonna be the longest year
of my fricking life.
Bro. this year is already
fucked up for all of us.
So we've got no choice
but to have each other's backs.
-And make the best of it. yeah?
-Hey.
Hey.
Reece. what the fuck?
How come Daniels forgives you for dealing
but makes me repeat grade 11?
Do you want me to go to jail. Chris?
The worst thing that's gonna happen to you
is you might actually learn something.
You okay?
We're here for you.
Yeah. dude. talk to us. huh?
-I mean. we all made it this far together.
-Yeah.
KB's right. huh?
We made it this far.
so no flaking this year.
No flaking.
Mm-hmm. Tough times never last.
Only tough people last. huh?
-All right.
I've gotta go scrub some toilets
if I wanna make my shift
at the pub tonight.
-See you guys later.
-Kill it.
I've gotta go too.
Grade 11 stuff.
-Fun.
-Mm.
-Shame. man.
-Nah. he'll be fine.
Oh.
So this is where you've been hiding.
Come on. Wendy.
Would you tell you if you failed grade 11?
Yeah. whatever.
You could've told me.
I would've helped you.
I'm sorry.
But you-- you told me you were leaving
and I thought you were
embarrassed about us. so I panicked.
Oh. and "ice queen"? That really hurt.
I'm sorry.
Let me make it up to you.
I need to go set up for orientation.
I-- I'll grab my bag
and I'll come help you.
No. Chris.
It's for matrics only.
Let me understand. uh. you correctly.
At the time of Phume's kidnapping.
you had just closed
a highly-contested business deal
requiring you to. uh. relocate.
Except… you wrote a letter
that suggests otherwise.
What this letter suggests.
which is the truth.
is that we had people lobbying against us.
People who went to a lot of trouble
to ruin our deal.
I left… to protect my family.
So why come back now?
To clear my name.
For my son's sake.
See. everything I've done.
I've done to protect him.
That is why I'm here.
talking to you without a lawyer.
Because…
I've got nothing to hide.
So I've looked
through my mom's old files
from when she used to work at Belmont.
and I didn't find anything
on her old clients.
Okay.
But why don't you maybe
come by the house again?
-And you can ask her again--
-Uh… I can't.
I'm sorry. but one mother
lying to me my entire life
is all I can deal with right now.
It's fine.
I guess this is just another one
of my life's unsolved mysteries.
Hey. Khumalo.
I'll take that juice. thanks.
Oh. it's for me and KB.
Respect the grade 12s. Now come here.
-He's Fikile Bhele's brother.
-So? Give me that juice.
How about you get your own juice. bro?
Hey! I'm talking to you.
Yo. chill. man.
-Like this?
-KB!
What the hell? Leave him alone.
-Or what?
-Or I'll knock your teeth out!
-Hey. hey. hey!
-Guys. stop it!
Get off me. Get off!
Chris. you're not even allowed to be here.
-Are you okay?
-What a pussy!
Apologize to Siya
or I'm taking you
straight to Principal Daniels.
Go ahead. See how that works out for you.
This is a sketch of a woman
seen in a taxi with baby Phume
outside the hospital.
Looks just like you
in this photo from 2003.
Don't you agree?
Could be me. could be someone else.
Why don't you just bring in
the person that did the sketch
and see if they can identify me
from a lineup?
Coincidentally.
the witness died last week.
Oh.
That's unfortunate.
Thanks for bringing Siya back home.
It's all good.
-Fiks wanted to come too. but--
-Yeah.
Anyway. I--
I'm glad I got to see you too.
Well. I'm gonna go back inside.
-Puleng…
I don't want us to be over.
and I know you don't want that either.
KB. I'm-- I'm with Wade.
I've moved on.
Have you?
How's Siya?
Not great.
It was very sweet of KB to bring him home.
Yeah. they're pretty tight.
KB is his mentor at school.
You two seem very tight too.
I thought Wade was in the picture now.
You don't get to interrogate me. Ma.
Especially since you don't want
to tell Fikile who her father is.
-She doesn't want to come to this house.
-That is between Fikile and I.
It's not.
It's affecting all of us.
First. you drive Dad away
with your secrets. and now Fikile too?
He's the one who left me!
Shortly after we got married.
your father panicked and asked for space.
I moved into a flat with a friend of mine
two months after my wedding.
I was humiliated.
So I partied.
A lot.
And then one night I went to a client's
farewell party at his art studio.
Anthony Gabisa.
He smelled good.
And he gave me
the kind of attention that--
that I needed.
You're the one who wanted
to know the truth.
A few days later. he left for LA.
And your dad came back home.
Everything was good.
Until I found out that I was pregnant.
-Is this him?
Yes.
Why don't you just tell Fikile
all of this. Ma?
Because I don't want her
to think that she was a mistake.
Now. I know you. Puleng.
So don't you go looking for that man.
My child…
One choice
can affect your whole life.
So. if you want to be with Wade.
then be with Wade.
Don't string KB along.
Please. Puleng…
don't make the same mistakes that I did.
I kind of look like him.
Yeah. Yeah. you do.
He's. uh. been in Cape Town
for the past five years now.
Oh. and get this.
He… showcases
every first Thursday in the month
as part of some
community outreach program.
I'll send you the link.
Wait. That's. like. this Thursday.
Yeah.
So…
Should we go?
Yeah.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Thank you. Puleng.
What are we doing here. detectives?
Every shred of evidence is circumstantial.
You've got nothing to hold me on.
We have a witness
who is willing to testify
that you were directly involved
in Phume's kidnapping.
I challenge you to find any transaction
to Point of Grace or any account
that's linked to me
in exchange for a baby.
The only person who had anything to gain
from kidnapping that baby
is Nwabisa Bhele.
Didn't she admit
to having her for 17 years?
Sir.
Janet Nkosana has been
unreachable for hours now. sir.
-Was she moved?
-No.
Sir. there's something else
you need to see.
It's about Nwabisa Bhele.
How did you find us here?
-What are you gonna do with us?
-Shut the fuck up.
No more questions.
Come.
Uh. can I just go
to the bathroom?
-No.
-Please? It's my stomach.
One minute.
Hey. are you okay?
What if it's the wrong Anthony?
I spoke to Ma.
It's definitely him.
Guys. I think let's…
Let's give her some space
and regroup here in an hour.
Thanks. KB.
Hey.
You're gonna be okay.
So. I'm-- I'm gonna get something to eat.
Wanna come?
-Yeah. sure.
-Hey!
-Oh my gosh! Oh! Aw.
Good to see you.
Uh. guys. this is my cousin Lunga.
Yo. what up?
KB.
Ah. the KB Molapo.
Wade.
Of course. the boyfriend. What up. man?
Whatever. Let's go get fucked up. man.
Don't mind him. Um. we were
just about to get something to eat.
-Do you wanna come?
-Yeah. sure.
-You have any trouble finding the place?
-No.
What's happening here?
Is this even packing?
You know.
most young people would be ecstatic
to get the chance to go to Spain.
I mean. it's a beautiful place
to advance your career prospects.
Right? Okay.
What is it?
Talk to me.
Is there anything that you regret doing.
or not doing?
Sometimes. I…
I wish I hadn't worked so hard.
Really?
Sometimes in life…
we regret not spending time
with our loved ones.
We regret not spending
enough time with our loved ones.
you know. creating good memories.
whether good or bad. but…
I missed so much with you.
We women have to give up
a lot more for our aspirations. don't we?
Ma'am. you have a call.
I guess. my baby.
what I'm trying to say
is that aspiration is relative
to time and life stages.
Um. and pack better.
Oh. there we go.
Thank you.
Oh. I really like that one.
It's really nice.
Hey. uh. lovebirds. I'm gonna have
to leave you two. okay? Okay? Behave.
He seems cool.
Yeah. He is cool.
What's wrong?
Is there s-something on my face?
-Is it the flavor? They only had this fl--
-No. no. No. Wade. um…
Take a walk with me.
Let's sit down.
So. um… remember at-- at the matric ball.
my card got full
so I went to go get another one?
Uh-huh.
I ran into KB and…
something sort of happened.
S-S-Sort of?
What do you mean?
Did something sort of happen.
or did something actually happen?
We-- We kissed.
So while I was waiting for you.
you were busy swapping spit with KB?
-No. But--
-Do you still like him?
No.
No. Wade. I want to be with you.
I-- I think I should go.
Wade…
Yeah. I'm-- I'm gonna go.
Wade. please. just…
Can we talk about it?
Well. well. well.
don't you both look like sunshine?
KB. delete Puleng from your head
and just move on. for all our sakes.
You won't understand. Reece.
I do. unfortunately.
Oh. don't ask.
Love sucks. get sucked.
Or whatever helps you to forget.
But Reece is right. KB.
You need to get back out there.
-Hi. Hey.
-Hi.
Hey. I'm Lunga Vezi. So are you guys
still looking for a bartender?
Look. I-- I make a great Zulu-tini.
Uh. speak to the manager.
-Manager?
-Yes.
All right. Thanks. yeah.
Lunga.
This is. uh. more than just Puleng. yeah?
Let's just say. I need my own place. man.
Before my dad and I kill each other.
You know?
Why don't you come stay with me?
I mean. there's rooms
in that house I haven't even been into
in. like. six months.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
I'd actually appreciate the company.
All right. Bet. bro.
Let's take a snap.
Put it on the dating apps--
-Just smile. man.
-Come on.
The streets need to know
KB is back in town. baby.
-Smile.
Now. who said to kill
doesn't require gentleness?
It's a quote.
By Nawal El Saadawi.
That's what inspired this piece.
Oh. your work's incredible.
You an artist too?
Oh. No.
I'm still in high school.
Ah. I see.
You look familiar.
My name is Fikile Bhele.
Anthony Gabisa.
Lovely meeting you.
All the best figuring things out.
Fikile Bhele.
Wait.
I. um…
I actually came here
to tell you something.
I'm out. Enjoy.
-See you.
Um…
What are you…
-What are you doing here?
-I can't stop thinking about you.
And I don't want to miss out
on whatever this is.
It doesn't really fit in my plans.
but it's not supposed to. Right?
What I'm trying to say is.
Chris. I like you.
A lot.
And I'm sorry.
Uh. I'm-- I'm sorry too.
And I like you too. a lot.
Hey. what the hell?
Excuse me. Who are you?
Can you give us some space. weirdo?
Wendy. um…
I…
How are we gonna do this?
You're-- You're leaving.
People do long distance.
Right?
Yeah. but-- but only when
they're a proper thing.
Like. are we… are we a proper thing?
Well. we're something.
Okay.
I'll take that something.
Everything okay? What is it?
-Good evening. everyone.
My name is Riley Morgan. and don't worry.
I'm not going to take up too much--
Fikile! No!
I just wanted to say.
on behalf of my firm.
how proud we are
to be the key sponsor and partner
of the incredible
and uber-talented Anthony Gabisa.
You've been scarce.
I mean. I wouldn't mind
if you didn't have a debt to settle.
I'm sorry. I got caught.
I couldn't risk seeing you
till things settled.
Totally. I respect that.
See. the thing is. it's not me you owe.
I'll come up with the money.
I promise.
Okay.
Better be soon.
'Cause I won't be able to help you
if things get ugly.
Yeah.
Are you saying my wife
staged her own kidnapping?
That is what the evidence suggests.
Karabo. your mother and I are innocent.
Please don't do anything
you will regret. son.
I'm leaving.
I need a couple weeks to clear my head.
I forbid you to leave this house!
Karabo!
Hello. my boy.
Ma?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-